[ADD] eCommerce: handling orders (#3721)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/ecommerce_management/order_handling.rst

==============
Order handling
==============

When a customer orders on your eCommerce, there are **three** records required to handle in Odoo:

- :ref:`Sales orders <handling/sales>`;
- :ref:`Delivery orders <handling/delivery>`;
- :ref:`Invoices & legal requirements <handling/legal>`.

.. _handling/sales:

Sales orders
============

Order and payment status
------------------------

The first step when a customer adds a product to his cart is the creation of a quotation. Orders can
be managed either from the **Website** or :doc:`Sales </applications/sales/sales>` app. eCommerce
orders can automatically be assigned to a specific **sales team** by going to
:menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`. In the **Shop - Checkout Process** section,

> select a :guilabel:`Sales Team` or :guilabel:`Salesperson` to handle eCommerce orders.

Author: I think I prefer it the way I have it right now

.. image:: order_handling/handling-salesteam.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Assignment of online orders to a sales team or salesperson

Orders can be found under :menuselection:`Website --> eCommerce --> Orders/Unpaid Orders`. Each
order goes through a different status:

- **Quotation**: a new product has been added to the cart. This status represents all carts on the
  website for which the customer has *not* gone through the checkout process yet;
- **Quotation sent**: the customer has gone through the checkout process and confirmed the order but
  the payment has not been confirmed yet;
- **Order**: the customer has gone through the checkout process, confirmed the order, and the
  payment has been received.

.. image:: order_handling/handling-status.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Statuses of eCommerce orders

Abandoned cart
--------------

An **abandoned cart** represents an order for which the customer did **not finish** the checkout
confirmation process. For these orders, it is possible to automatically send an **email reminder**
to the customer. To enable that feature, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration -->

> Settings` and in the **Email & Marketing** section, enable :guilabel:`Automatically send abandoned

Author: As discussed, this is a bug and it shouldn't be in "Twitter" :)

checkout emails`. Once enabled, the **time-lapse** after which an email is automatically sent can be
configured, as well as the **email template** used.

.. note::
   For an email to be sent, Odoo needs the contact information. For that, the customer must either
   have entered their contact details during the checkout process; or be logged-in when they added

>    the product to their cart.

Author: Made it shorter

.. _handling/delivery:

Delivery orders
===============

Delivery flow
-------------

Once a quotation has been confirmed, a delivery order is automatically created. The next step is to
process this delivery.

Packing eCommerce orders usually requires to pick the product, prepare the packaging, print the
shipping label(s) and ship to the customer. Depending on the number of orders, strategy, or
resources, those steps can be considered as one or multiple actions in Odoo.

An automatic email can be sent to the customer when the transfer in Odoo is at the “done” stage. The
feature can be enabled in the settings of the
:doc:`Inventory </applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory>` app.

.. note::

>    If customers are allowed to pay when picking up their order in stores or by wire transfer, the
>    quotation will **not** be confirmed and the stock will **not** be reserved. Orders must be
>    confirmed manually to reserve products in stock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If customers are allowed to pay when picking up their order in stores or by wire transfer, the
   quotation is **not** confirmed and the stock is **not** reserved. Orders must be
   confirmed manually to reserve products in stock.
```

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/operation/invoicing`
   - :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/operation/labels`
   - :doc:`/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping/operation/multipack`

Returns and refunds
-------------------

> The only way for a customer to return an order is through an online form. Depending on the return
> strategy or type of product, it may not be possible to return products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customer can only return an order through an online form. It may not be possible to return products depending on the return strategy or type of product.
```

> Full refunds can be directly sent to customers from within the order interface. To do that, a
> refund-compatible payment provider needs to be enabled first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full refunds can be directly sent to customers from within the order interface. A
refund-compatible payment provider needs to be enabled first.
```

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`/applications/sales/sales/products_prices/returns`
   - :doc:`/applications/services/helpdesk/advanced/after_sales`
   - :doc:`/applications/finance/payment_providers`

.. _handling/legal:

Invoice and legal requirements
==============================

The final step of an ecommerce order is to generate the invoice and send it to the customer.
Depending on the type of business (B2B or B2C), an invoice can either be generated automatically
(B2B) or on demand of the customer (B2C). This process can be automated if (and when) the online
payment is :ref:`confirmed <handling/sales>`.

To automate invoicing, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings` and in the

> **Invoicing** section, enable :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion :guilabel:`Invoicing` section, enable :guilabel:`Automatic Invoice`.
```
